question: houses in Headington

question: houses in Abingdon with more than 2 bedrooms

question: houses with garden in Wheatley

question: detached houses in Oxford

question: Victorian houses in Oxfordshire

question: Edwardian house in Oxfordshire for less than 1000000

question: houses with double garage

question: houses with large garden and equipped kitchen

question: houses with more than 1 reception room

question: houses in Didcot furnished to a high standard

question: houses with conservatory room and less than 900000 pounds

question: detached bungalows in Oxfordshire

question: houses in Old Marston

question: family houses with more than 2 bathrooms and more than 4 bedrooms

question: houses close to Iffley Sport Centre

question: houses in Oxford close to the train station

question: houses in Summertown for less than 400000 pounds

question: two floors houses in East Oxford

question: brand new houses in Oxford for less than 500000 pounds

question: houses close to Brookes University

question: houses in Jericho area

question: house close to Headington hospitals

question: modern houses with gas central heating

question: houses with electric heating

question: houses less than 500000 within area OX16

question: houses close to an Italian restaurant

question: houses at walking distance from a pharmacy

question: houses at walking distance from Tesco or Sainsburys shops

question: houses nearby Sheldonian Theatre

question: houses with underfloor heating

question: houses with wood floor

question: houses close to The King's Arms pub

question: houses with garden large at least 2 acres

question: houses with many reception rooms

question: houses built around 1950

question: houses with balcony

question: houses with double glazed windows

question: houses far from city centre

question: 2 bedroom houses near oxford train station 
 
question: 4 bedroom detached houses in  oxford
 
question: studio apartments in summertown, Oxford
 
question: freehold houses with 2 bedrooms and a living room in banbury
 
question: houses in Oxford city centre with at most 2 bedrooms
 
question: houses with garage within minutes of Oxford schools and in a quiet road
 
question: victorian town houses in north Oxford
 
question: terrace houses with west facing garden
 
question: modernised end terrace houses with private parking
 
question: three bedroom houses with open fireplace
 
question: houses available from June 15th. 

question: houses on rawlinson road 

question: flats near supermarket 

question: flats with bill included 



question: give me all flats in central Oxford with at least one bedroom below 1000 GBP a month.

question: Give me all 2 bedroom flats in walking distance from the computer science departement!

//question: Give me all houses with 3 bedrooms or more, close to the train station with good shopping opportunities.

question: find a property with 2 bedrooms close to some park.

//question: Give me all flats at roughly 1300 GBP the month, equally close to the computer science department and Christ Church College. 

question: Give me all flats in the area around Cowley Road with 2 bedrooms.

question: Give me all furnished places with one bedroom close to the Radcliffe Camera.

question: Give me all unfurnished houses with at least 2 bedrooms in Summertown.

question: Give me all furnished flats with one bedroom for smokers.

question: Give me all flats with parking in central Oxford.

question: Give me all cheap places in Cowley.

question: Give me all representative houses in Summertown.

//question: find a property for sale, with 2 bedrooms, parking, close to shops.

//question: Give me all flats with a garden, one bedroom, in walking distance to the computer science departement

question: Give me all places offered close to the train station?

question: Give me all retirement houses for sale near Oxford. 

question: Give me all houses that I can BBQ. 

question: Give me all flats which are far from the river. 

question: Give me all flats which are close to three bars.

question: What is the average price of furnished 1 bedroom apartments in Heddington?

question: How many flats are offered in central Oxford below 1000 GBP a month?

question: Which area in Oxford has the cheapest offers close to the Keble college [or some other landmark]?
